In five minutes Bazin appeared, looking in all directions
to see if he was being observed, but he saw no body. Calmed by appearances he
ventured to walk through the Rue Notre Dame. At that moment D’Artagnan rushed
out of his hiding place and arrived just in time to see Bazin turn down the
Rue de la Juiverie and enter, in the Rue de la Calandre, a respectable
looking house; and this D’Artagnan felt was the habitation of
the worthy beadle. Afraid of making any inquiries at this house,
D’Artagnan entered a small tavern at the corner of the street and asked
for a cup of hypocras. This drink required a good half-hour to
prepare. Now D’Artagnan had time, therefore, to watch Bazin
unsuspected.


In the course of the forenoon Monsieur de Beaufort had a game of tennis
with La Ramee; a sign from Grimaud put him on the alert. Grimaud who was going
in advance, followed the course that they were to take in the evening.
The game was played in an inclosure called the little court of the
chateau, a place pretty deserted except when Monsieur de Beaufort was
playing; and even then the precaution seemed superfluous, the wall was
so very high. There were three gates to open before reaching the inclosure, each by a
different key. When they arrived Grimaud went carelessly and sat down
by a loophole in the wall, allowing his legs dangle outside. It was
evident that there the rope ladder was to be attached.


Friquet had put on his Sunday clothes, under the pretext of having a
swollen face which he had simulated by introducing a handful
of cherry kernels into one side of his mouth, and had procured a whole
holiday from Bazin. On leaving Bazin, Friquet started for the Palais
Royal, where he arrived at the moment of the turning out of the
regiment of guards; and as he had only gone there for the enjoyment of
seeing it and hearing the music, he took his place at their head,
beating the drum on two pieces of slate and passing from that exercise
to that of the trumpet, which he counterfeited prtty naturally with his
mouth in a manner which had more than once called forth the praises of
amateurs of imitative harmony.


The next morning King Charles I was hailed by a strong guard before the
high court which was to judge him. All London was crowding to the doors
of the house. The throng was terrifying, and it was not till after much
pushing and lot of fighting that our friends reached their destination.
When they did so they found the three lower rows of benches already
occupied; but being anxious not to be too conspicuous, all, with the
exception of Porthos, who had a fancy to display his red doublet, were
quite satisfied with their places, the more so as chance had brought
them to the centre of their row, so that they were exactly opposite to the
arm-chair prepared for the royal prisoner.


Athos began to despair. His noble nature felt that their ignorance was
a reflection upon them. They had not looked carefully enough
for their lost friends. They had not shown enough pertinacity in
their inquiries. They were willing and ready to retrace their steps,
when, in crossing the suburb that leads to the gates of the town, upon
a white wall that was at the corner of a street turning around the
rampart, Athos cast his eyes upon a drawing in black chalk, which
represented, with the awkwardness of a first attempt, two cavaliers
riding furiously; one of them carried a roll of paper on which were
written these words: “They are following us.”